DOCS-5584 brand intro (#96)
mulesoft/docs-api-community-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

> == What is an API Community?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== What Is an API Community?
```

> To drive developer adoption of your APIs, you must help them discover and learn how to use your APIs effectively, and provide a personalized, branded experience to motivate them to work with you. You must also engage with these developers during every step of their journey to ensure their success. ACM enables you to create this personalized, connected experience for your developers so they can interact with your APIs - APIs designed, catalogued, and managed in the Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To drive developer adoption of your APIs, you must help them discover and learn how to use your APIs effectively, and provide a personalized, branded experience to motivate them to work with you. You must also engage with these developers during every step of their journey to ensure their success. ACM enables you to create this personalized, connected experience for your developers so they can interact with your APIs: APIs designed, cataloged, and managed in Anypoint Platform.
```

== Building Your API Community

> Personalize your community look and feel, branding, and site structure with the https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=community_designer_overview.htm&type=5[Community Builder, role=external, window=blank], a drag-and-drop editor that enables you to create and customize the experience at every level of detail. The Community Builder makes it easy to create a tailored experience using pre-existing components and simple clicks, or using the full flexibility of HTML and CSS for precise pixel-perfect experiences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Personalize your community look and feel, branding, and site structure by using  https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=community_designer_overview.htm&type=5[Community Builder, role=external, window=blank], a drag-and-drop editor that enables you to create and customize the user experience at every level of detail. Community Builder makes it easy to create a tailored experience using pre-existing components and simple clicks, or using the full flexibility of HTML and CSS for precise pixel-perfect experiences.
```
This is sounding a bit Markety...careful!  :-)
